Support multiple default guards (#2345)
nuwave/lighthouse: UPGRADE.md

],
```

> ### Update lighthouse.guard configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update `lighthouse.guard` configuration
```

The `lighthouse.guard` configuration key was renamed to `lighthouse.guards` and expects an array.

```diff
- 'guard' => 'api',
+ 'guards' => ['api'],
```

If `lighthouse.guards` configuration is missing,
the default Laravel authentication guard will be used (`auth.defaults.guard`).

### Update `@auth` and `@whereAuth` directives

> The `guard` attribute, on `@auth` and `@whereAuth` directives, has been renamed `guards` and expects an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `guard` argument on `@auth` and `@whereAuth` directives has been renamed to `guards` and now expects a list instead of a single string.
```
